# Disillusioned with Video Games

So I've had a very long break between graduation (12/19/2021) and my first day at Microsoft (2/22/2022; almost all
twos!). I am *bored* of video games. 

## Pokemon Legends: Arceus

Today, Pokemon Legends: Arceus came out. I've been watching DisguisedToast stream
it, and I'm not impressed. I've been looking forward to a change of formula for Pokemon, and /r/pokemon has had some
posts talking about how good the game is, but I can't just agree (by what I'm watching at least). The world seems bland
and empty, and I watched Toast spam throw balms at a Noble Arcanine for far too long. Not only that, but the draw
distance is absolutely disgusting -- Breath of the Wild came out in 2017, and it used rendering tricks so that far away
objects rendered as beautiful sprites instead of 3D objects. This trick took time, love, and effort to pull off, and it
looks amazing. I own the DLC to Breath of the Wild, but I still haven't played it, so my question is why should I play
a new video game that isn't that great when there's older ones I'll actually enjoy?

## Are video games really that different?

I can't really trust a lot of people's opinions on video games. People are far too optimistic about the next game
coming out, but to me, they are just different colors for the same button presses. A number that is supposed to be big
has gone up: great! A number that is supposed to be small has gone up: oh no! It just doesn't elicit the same response
for me that it does for other people. I still find video games fun, but to be honest, they have to be of a very high
caliber to be worth my time. It also helps if they have a social aspect so I can enjoy them with people I care about.
When I was younger, video games needed to be worth their sticker price and provide a ton of hours of content; now that
I'm older, I'd much prefer my video games to be well-rounded experiences that value my time regardless of play time or
monetary cost.

## Appealing to novelty

Have you ever been in this position? A friend wants you to play a brand new game in a favorite series, which is getting
so-so reviews. If it wasn't a new installment in a favorite series, it probably wouldn't get much attention. But it's
new! People have been waiting years for it! But it's also $60. It has enough bugs that you'll encounter some
frustrating ones. There aren't any mods to enhance the experience.

Why would I play a new video game, let's say Borderlands 3 or Back 4 Blood, when there are older video games that are
very much like it and well received (for good reason) like Borderlands 2 or Left 4 Dead 2 that I still haven't played?
These games are cheap, nearly all of their bugs are fixed, and they have tons of amazing DLC built in to the GOTY
edition.

New means new and old means old. That's it. A new video game *can* be better (sorry to all of you "I was born in the
wrong generation" types), but it can also be worse. Saying that something is better purely because it's newer is the
appeal to novelty fallacy, which contrasts with its counterpart, the appeal to tradition fallacy.

#FutureBlog #VideoGames #Pokemon

